jammed or you gotta pull it here's a 2 2
pitch and that falls back deep feel
that's up to the belt runner going swung
on and they base it into right field out
into the corner when we cut off by
Martinez the shoes have been waived
two-nothing Orioles here in the
the first tenant here is Cal Ripken he
hits it on the ground
one Oh delivery and there's a swing and
a bounding
it bounced often a run is going to score
too many Ron Lord I scored the run for
nothing
one two pitch from Halladay hit on the
ground that the minute they said Center
PA Anderson on third heading home to his
grave head at the mound AJ battle and
the oils go out inside seven to nothing
and here's the pitch
it's outside throw to first and it hits
off the empire's read the hissed and
comes home to score say goodbye the
third is Ripken
3 2 pitch swing line
left-handers pitch that selfie that IKEA
back those Dave Martinez carrier
in the division you're exactly right
bitches hit on the ground to short
to run double in four runs score
the basic that is going to bring in yet
another run to make it 17 to 1 on the
pre 2
center field crews overdose right mics
attached this will bring another run in
it comes and it shot to right field over
near the line it's going to drop
19 to 1
nineteen to one lead he's contributed to
this debacle now he swings and he hits
the ball into shallow center that's been
a drop for a base head they can do
my Colts the winner Scott serviced the
loser Troy Percival a save is a swing
and a fly ball deep left field wing Weis
back back back at the wall jumps it's
Oliver
22 to one in favor of Baltimore there's
a pitch chopped on the ground after
second charge value Woodward third on
the first in time that minor comes in to
score and that's a I rented distinction
and historic proportions here in
Baltimore that's a Baltimore franchise
record 23rd run
all game is over the blue jays get
crushed tonight in Baltimore 23 to one a
record for the Baltimore Orioles scoring
23 runs here tonight